README.md, before:

# Auth0 JavaScript Samples

This repository holds the quickstart samples using [auth0-spa-js](https://github.com/auth0/auth0-spa-js).

Read the [full tutorials on Auth0.com](https://auth0.com/docs/quickstart/spa/vanillajs).

[![CircleCI](https://circleci.com/gh/auth0-samples/auth0-javascript-samples.svg?style=svg)](https://circleci.com/gh/auth0-samples/auth0-javascript-samples)

### Index

List of available quickstarts

- [01 - Login](/01-Login/)
- [02 - Calling an API](/02-Calling-an-API/)

## What is Auth0?

Auth0 helps you to:

- Add authentication with [multiple authentication sources](https://docs.auth0.com/identityproviders), either social like **Google, Facebook, Microsoft Account, LinkedIn, GitHub, Twitter, Box, Salesforce, among others**, or enterprise identity systems like **Windows Azure AD, Google Apps, Active Directory, ADFS or any SAML Identity Provider**.
- Add authentication through more traditional **[username/password databases](https://docs.auth0.com/mysql-connection-tutorial)**.
- Add support for **[linking different user accounts](https://docs.auth0.com/link-accounts)** with the same user.
- Support for generating signed [Json Web Tokens](https://docs.auth0.com/jwt) to call your APIs and **flow the user identity** securely.
- Analytics of how, when and where users are logging in.
- Pull data from other sources and add it to the user profile, through [JavaScript rules](https://docs.auth0.com/rules).

## Create a free Auth0 account

1. Go to [Auth0](https://auth0.com/signup) and click Sign Up.
2. Use Google, GitHub or Microsoft Account to login.

## Issue Reporting

If you have found a bug or if you have a feature request, please report them at this repository issues section. Please do not report security vulnerabilities on the public GitHub issue tracker. The [Responsible Disclosure Program](https://auth0.com/whitehat) details the procedure for disclosing security issues.

## Author

[Auth0](auth0.com)

## License

This project is licensed under the MIT license. See the [LICENSE](LICENSE.txt) file for more info.

Commit message:

add deploy to netlify button

README.md, after:

# Auth0 JavaScript Samples

This repository holds the quickstart samples using [auth0-spa-js](https://github.com/auth0/auth0-spa-js).

Read the [full tutorials on Auth0.com](https://auth0.com/docs/quickstart/spa/vanillajs).

[![CircleCI](https://circleci.com/gh/auth0-samples/auth0-javascript-samples.svg?style=svg)](https://circleci.com/gh/auth0-samples/auth0-javascript-samples)


### Index

List of available quickstarts

- [01 - Login](/01-Login/)
- [02 - Calling an API](/02-Calling-an-API/)

## What is Auth0?

Auth0 helps you to:

- Add authentication with [multiple authentication sources](https://docs.auth0.com/identityproviders), either social like **Google, Facebook, Microsoft Account, LinkedIn, GitHub, Twitter, Box, Salesforce, among others**, or enterprise identity systems like **Windows Azure AD, Google Apps, Active Directory, ADFS or any SAML Identity Provider**.
- Add authentication through more traditional **[username/password databases](https://docs.auth0.com/mysql-connection-tutorial)**.
- Add support for **[linking different user accounts](https://docs.auth0.com/link-accounts)** with the same user.
- Support for generating signed [Json Web Tokens](https://docs.auth0.com/jwt) to call your APIs and **flow the user identity** securely.
- Analytics of how, when and where users are logging in.
- Pull data from other sources and add it to the user profile, through [JavaScript rules](https://docs.auth0.com/rules).

## Create a free Auth0 account

1. Go to [Auth0](https://auth0.com/signup) and click Sign Up.
2. Use Google, GitHub or Microsoft Account to login.

## Issue Reporting

If you have found a bug or if you have a feature request, please report them at this repository issues section. Please do not report security vulnerabilities on the public GitHub issue tracker. The [Responsible Disclosure Program](https://auth0.com/whitehat) details the procedure for disclosing security issues.

## Author

[Auth0](auth0.com)

## Deploy to Netlify
You can deploy this example as a site on your own to explore and experiment with, by clicking this button.

<a href="https://app.netlify.com/start/deploy?repository=https://github.com/abbaspour/auth0-javascript-samples"><img src="https://www.netlify.com/img/deploy/button.svg" alt="Deploy to Netlify" height=30px></a>





## License

This project is licensed under the MIT license. See the [LICENSE](LICENSE.txt) file for more info.
